namaste today we'll be making vegetable
samosas to make stuffing we'll be
needing two boiled potatoes a small bowl
of frozen peas 1 chopped onion 2 cloves
of garlic grated ginger little peas few
coriander leaves a teaspoon of turmeric
2 tablespoon of curry a teaspoon of
cumin seeds salt to taste oil for
deep-frying to prepare samosas we'll be
using
spring roll pastry sheets we'll be
needing 2 tablespoon of all-purpose
flour to prepare a paste to seal the
samosas so heat some oil in a frying pan
add the cumin seeds add garlic ginger
onion and stir it once the onions are
translucent add in the peas
John Murray
carrying and mix it well
then add the potatoes
and adding some salt masher potatoes up
with a food or a spoon add in the
chopped cilantro
and voila the stuffing is ready mix
flour and water in a mixing bowl pour
the mixture into a pan heat the pan
continue mixing until it becomes thick
now the most important step fill and for
the samosas divide the pastry sheets
into three strips take these sheets two
by two to make a thick paste put the
stuffing in a corner and fold four times
one two three and four five I put the
paste and I seal them
heat oil for frying samosas deeper
samosas in hot oil
take them out when they are golden brown
serve your samosas hot with the tamarind
sauce Bon Appetit